- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i
"Sheriff's Division:
Sheriff (Becker)"
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
We don't know why we are here.
We don't know who
built the Silo.
We don't know why everything
outside the Silo is the way it is.
Good morning. Sheriff.
Morning. Sam. Are you up yet?
Getting there.
We don't know when it
will be safe to go out.
We only know that that day...
has not come yet.
"Double the amount of flowers
in front of the mirror."
Hi.
You're early.
Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
Those damn leg cramps.
When you get your coffee.
meet me in Cell 3.
3?
"Cell 3"
Do you want some coffee?
What are you doing?
I want to see it.
No. Sheriff.
I should have done this 3
years ago. but I didn't listen.
Wait. Stop.
Get out of there.
Let's discuss this.
My mind is made up. otherwise
I wouldn't have come here.
I'm sorry. Sam.
Are you going to say that to me
after everything we've been through?
Do you want me to wait
until Sandy gets here?
I don't want you to say it.
Please. Sheriff. Don't say it.
- Deputy Marnes...
- Please. Sheriff.
I want to go out.
While you get that ready.
I think I'll lie down.
"Based on the book
series by Hugh Howey"
Are you going to
bring the coffee?
"Mine - Mine too"
Yes. of course!
Okay. I'll take it with milk. please.
Actually. I don't want it. No...
I don't need milk. No.
- Come on. It's almost 8.
- Okay.
- Please.
- Okay. I'm coming.
Thank you.
I don't know why
we're doing this.
We're not going to get
it. We've tried twice.
"New message - Open. Silo Mail"
"You have been granted permission
to conceive. congratulations"
"You have been approved"
I can't believe it.
Third time's the charm.
You're just excited
to have sex every day.
Wait. you might be
pregnant a month from now.
I hope it takes that long.
You know I love you no
matter what happens.
Shut up. We're going
to do this. Let's go.
Allie. his office
won't open for an hour.
Yeah. we can have
some breakfast.
We can discuss baby names.
And that means I'm just
going to humor you.
because if I'm going to give
birth to this little creature.
I'm going to name
it what I want.
Okay.
"Fertility window time: 364
days. 23 hours. 59 minutes"
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
- Yeah. thanks.
Thank you.
Hi.
Hi. Congratulations.
I really hate this part.
People are just happy for us.
I wish nobody knew.
Damn.
Sheriff and Mrs. Becker.
I don't mean to interfere.
Then don't interfere.
There is your
famous blunt style.
That's why everyone loves you.
If everyone loves me. that
means I'm not doing my job.
Mrs. Becker. your husband might not
be interested in what I want to say...
What I really care about
- is that you leave us alone. Gloria.
- Holston.
But whatever the
Sheriff tells you.
I provide fertility
counseling...
Really? Like what?
Your husband is waiting
for me to say something
that I am not legally
allowed to say.
- Like what?
- Smart.
I don't want to be sent
outside. Thank you. Sheriff.
Mrs. Becker. if your mind
is open. come and see me.
Good luck to you both.
What exactly are you doing?
You're overpromising people
that they'll have a baby
if they do as you say. and
that's fraud and cruelty.
I'll let her get numb.
Now. after removing the contraceptive
device. you'll need 2 or 3 weeks
for your hormones to reset.
However. some couples
succeed in getting pregnant
within days of
getting permission.
But you both know all that.
Is this your second attempt?
- Third.
- And the last one.
I'm almost 38.
Do you feel this?
Just pressure.
Okay. even though you're
numb. it will feel strange.
We make sure to implant
the capsule deep
so it doesn't cause
you any trouble.
But not for long.
because I'm done.
Here it is.
You are no longer forbidden
from getting pregnant.
You are now free
to have a child.
Thank you. Mrs. Floris.
I swear. if I hear someone
else congratulate us...
Get me pregnant. Now.
Yes. my lady.
- Wait. hold on.
- What?
Do you remember the last time?
At some point. you'll start
feeling like this is a chore.
Best chore ever.
"Fertility window time: 364
days. 17 hours. 35 minutes"
"Fertility window time: 342
days. 22 hours. 14 minutes"
We tried 4 times before
finally getting permission.
so this is your chance.
Yeah. I hope so.
"Property of Sheriff (Becker)"
My cousin Charlene
convinced her husband that he
had to paint his penis blue.
Did it work?
They succeeded in
getting pregnant.
"Mother"
But I'm sure that his blue
penis had nothing to do with it.
She was just messing with him. This
shows you a picture of their wedding.
- Hi. Bernard.
- Good morning. Bernard.
Karen and Allison.
I see you posted an article
on the bulletin board about
recovering deleted files.
- That's right.
- You know you need my approval
for any technical content
before posting it.
Well. I thought we could
reduce service calls
if people could solve
some problems themselves.
I removed your post.
I don't doubt your
good intentions.
but our reporting system
exists for a logical reason.
I understand.
A damn bastard.
Did you know you were
breaking the rules?
No. Maybe. Sort of.
There are a lot of rules.
You wanted to work
in the IT department.
Not just the IT
department. but everywhere.
We blame the rebels for
erasing our history. right?
Yeah.
Then why can't we ask
questions about that history?
And if losing our history
is so bad. why would
the Judicial Authority
have hired thugs send you
to work in the mines
if you possessed an old
artifact from the Old Era?
Allison.
Really?
Are you going to use the
Sheriff's tone with me?
Honey. the Pact is
our only history.
What if some rebels decided they
wanted to see for themselves
what life is like above ground?
If they somehow managed to open
that door. we would be finished.
Part of my job is to make
sure that doesn't happen.
"Fertility window time: 157
days. 22 hours. 14 minutes"
"(Allison) and
(Holston). May 5. '26"
My period started.
I know. We still have time.
What are you afraid of?
I'm afraid that a drunk teenager
obsessed with fires with a firework
could start a fire
that causes mass panic.
Are you done? Can I speak?
Ever since I put on the Mayor's scarf
and we put on the Sheriff's badge.
Freedom Day has passed without problems.
And it has been a long time since then.
All the deputies will
be on their patrols.
and fire teams will be
ready on every tenth level.
It gets harder to see
the outside every month.
A long time between cleanings
means things are going well.
No one wants to clean.
but people need to see
the situation outside.
Mrs. Becker.
- Hi.
- I was looking for you.
- Are you pregnant?
- Not yet.
But I'm afraid I
won't need your help.
- Take care of yourself.
- No.
That's not why I was looking for you. I
want to ask you a question in private.
I hate the term "Freedom
Day". Too simple.
"Rebellion Suppression
Day" is more accurate.
Ma'am. you said you
wanted to ask a question.
Why did I do this?
Because I don't
want them to hear.
Who?
Who has listening devices?
The Judicial Authority?
Have you ever wondered what
was on the records they erased?
In the books they burned? If
the rebels even did that at all?
- I have to go to work.
- Please.
I didn't ask you to
come here on a whim.
I heard that you.
too. are a person
who has questions.
Who told you that?
Why do we live underground?
What really happened outside?
- I'm leaving now.
- There is one more thing.
Do you really think you are the
person they want to have children?
3 times without success?
She just said it and I started feeling
like it's happening on purpose.
Okay. Her condition has officially
deteriorated from eccentric
to completely insane.
I should send the
psychological team
- to visit Gloria.
- Don't. She's just...
She's what? Did she say
something that bothered you?
She and her husband
couldn't have a baby.
She wants you to find out why.
They removed the contraceptive
device from you. Ali.
We have the same chance of having a
child as anyone who got permission.
- Agreed?
- Agreed.
You're not going to like this.
Our friend George sent another ticket.
Guess whose turn it is to deal with him.
He's a programmer in the mid-levels
and has a repair kiosk in the market.
Why do you have to go?
Everyone takes a
holiday for Freedom Day.
And because you're working. I
thought I'd be ready to work.
But he wants me to be
there early in the morning.
which means I have to go tonight
and book a room at the inn.
And that also means that we'll
miss our nightly entertainment.
- Honey.
- I know. I'll stay calm.
- Not here.
- Yes. here.
- Honey. Marnes...
- Let's be quick.
Okay.
It's okay.
"Sheriff"
Damn it.
If I don't get pregnant
after this. I never will.
We will beat you to the top and we
will open the door to the outside
and let all the
poison into the Silo!
No. rebel!
In the name of the Founders!
"Computer Repairs"
"Allison Becker"?
Yes. You must be...
I've been looking forward to
meeting you for a long time.
I'm sorry for forcing you
to come here on Freedom Day.
I'm working and my
husband is working. so...
That's what I thought.
because he's the Sheriff.
And that's why I thought I
had a chance to bring you in.
I don't understand.
How can I help you?
Yeah. I read your post about
how to recover deleted files.
I felt like it wouldn't be
available for long. so I printed it.
- That must have cost you a lot.
- Yeah. it's worth every coin.
I really benefited from it.
But I wanted to see you personally.
so I sent a repair request
and I was hoping you'd come.
Of course. they sent everyone except
you. So I thought that on the holiday...
Why didn't you
just ask to see me?
I didn't want to
raise suspicions.
From whom?
From the people who wrote
the laws about artifacts?
Are you worried about
the Judicial Authority?
Isn't that everyone?
Is it about an artifact?
That's the problem.
I don't know.
A man brought this thing
about a year ago.
He said he found it under
the rug in a closet.
I turned it on and
it seemed empty.
Then I tried the
method you posted...
"Connecting Device"
...and I was able
to check the memory.
"Scanning"
It said the hard drive was mostly
used. but I don't see any files.
There is something on it. but
I don't know how to access it.
It could be old family recipes.
Then they are very
old family recipes.
I checked the log in
the IT department.
There is no registration
for this serial number.
Of course. the log started
after the rebellion.
Do you think this hard drive
is more than 140 years old?
That's impossible. All hard drives
were destroyed in the rebellion.
It could be a data error.
Or maybe not.
It could simply be finding
the name in the directory.
Let me see.
Is there anything I can...
Not talking would be helpful.
- Happy Freedom Day.
- Happy Freedom Day. Mayor.
I was glad to see you all.
Do you have any
idea what 18 means?
No.
- Do you have a magnifying glass?
- Yes.
6 minutes
and 6 seconds
after 6 o'clock
on this day
140 years ago.
This is the moment we
regained our freedom.
We gather on this anniversary
to remember the horror
of the rebellion.
If they had succeeded
in opening the door
to the outside world.
we wouldn't be here now.
We thank the Founders
because they didn't succeed.
but they succeeded in
taking our history away.
Do you have something stronger?
This is the strongest I have.
It's letters. but...
"(AT 501334) - Library"
I think it says "Library" on it.
They destroyed our
computer hard drives.
They cut up our files and burned
all the books in our libraries.
"Searching the directory
for the mystery puzzle"
"Device Name: 18 - Type:
Data - Number of files: 269"
"Silo Blueprint -
October 12. Silo Year 98"
But they stopped them.
Our heroic ancestors
saved the day.
"Levels 1 - 20.
Loading upper levels"
Look at this.
I won't look.
You shouldn't either.
You must bury it.
Bury it? Are you kidding?
This is the greatest...
It's an artifact. Just
possessing it is against the law.
But it could be the key to
everything we don't know.
We have to see...
They might send you outside
to clean because of this.
Are you going to
tell your husband?
Just get rid of it.
And their great victory
we must celebrate with cheers.
We must celebrate
it with trumpets.
Where does this lead
for heaven's sake?
"Secret tunnel"
And we must remember
it in silence.
"Hear this echo
It calls to us
to our duty
Hear the voices singing
loudly with pride
Praise the beauty of freedom
and see the bright light
from that long night rising"
Sorry. I'm just...
I'm very tired from the climb.
I think if I hadn't been sitting
all day. I'd be more agile.
Yeah.
I'm just saying I'm tired.
Are you tired from
climbing 70 floors
or are you...
tired of this?
We still have plenty of time.
This must not be
fun for you anymore.
It's not about fun.
I want to have a child.
I wanted that too.
How did it go with George?
I couldn't help him.
I think he's just lonely.
He wants to talk to others
who understand computers.
You know? I don't know
if it's something I ate
or if I caught a cold.
but I don't feel well.
Go home. I'll tell Bernard.
Thank you.
Get well soon.
Come in.
I hoped you'd come back.
Why don't they want
us to have children?
- Was Bernard polite?
- I didn't see him.
I think I'll take a day off
tomorrow. I'll go to the market.
What do you need? I
can send a porter.
I just want to take a look.
I'll take a little walk.
Clear my mind from...
Sure. Yeah.
That sounds like a good idea.
I want to see everything.
My mind is exhausted.
I don't need to tell you that
we can't tell anyone about this.
You don't have to say that.
When can you come back?
I don't know.
What is this?
The last one?
"(Jane Carmody). Cleaning.
September 13. Silo Year 97"
Wait! Stick to the right.
It's late.
I lost track of time.
Did you go on a shopping spree?
Did you spend our whole account?
Yeah. I wish. Next time.
I got a message from the doctor.
The only time he can
see us is at 11 o'clock.
But you don't know. Technically
we still have several hours.
It's okay.
I'll be a little late waking
up. so I'll meet you there.
Wait. are you okay?
No.
But I will be okay.
"Fertility window time:
7 hours and 44 minutes"
- Hi. Karen.
- Hi.
Where is Allison?
She sent a message with someone
that she's not feeling well.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
We need to talk.
- What's wrong?
- Sit down.
- Are you okay?
- Sit down. please.
I was going to talk
to you last night.
but I wasn't sure if you could
handle hearing what I wanted to say.
You don't always listen. honey.
What are you talking about?
- I always listen...
- Talking means you're not listening.
Since you're the man of the law. I thought
I should provide some proof for you.
Proof of what?
I can't tell you how
I know that. but...
They will never let
us have children.
- What?
- We are...
I'm not the person they
want to have children.
Who do you mean?
The ones who wrote the Pact.
They want obedient
and compliant people.
I saw Dr. Leonard removing
the contraceptive device.
- No. you didn't.
- I was there.
It was behind a curtain.
- You didn't see what he was doing.
- Allison...
I assure you
that he didn't remove
the contraceptive device.
How do you know that?
Because I just removed it.
What did you do?
Keep pressure on
it and don't move.
Wait.
- You have to come.
- What?
It's Allison.
- Good. Sheriff!
- I can't. Allison is injured.
Allison is in the cafeteria.
None of this is real.
Do you see that?
They want to keep you
here. so they lie to you.
The place is green outside. There
are green trees. There is a blue sky.
There are things
flying in the air.
Does no one hear me?
They are keeping
us trapped here.
- This view is a lie.
- Allison.
- Allison. come with me.
- They want us to... no.
- Listen to me.
- We tried...
- We tried 3 times. I know this is hard.
- I'm not crazy!
- Why are you treating me like I'm crazy?
- Of course I'm not.
Allison. I've seen several patients
going through a nervous breakdown.
I am not going through
a nervous breakdown.
You're bleeding. honey.
- And you have to come...
- No!
No. I've been thinking
about this a lot. okay?
Please. You must know that
there is no other way.
I'm sorry. my dear.
It's okay.
- It's okay.
- I want to go out!
I want to go out.
My God.
- There must be a solution.
- There isn't.
We can say she was sad or
misspoke or they misheard her.
There were people present. They
heard everything that was said.
- Maybe we can...
- We can bribe them or kill them.
No. for heaven's sake.
The Pact says you can request a session
if you feel people misheard you.
Allison doesn't feel that way.
Don't you even want to
consider this possibility?
Of course I do!
Don't you two think I've thought about this
over and over? There's nothing I can do.
If we summarize the
Pact into one law.
it's don't say you want to go
out or you will actually go out.
Did someone else play a role in this?
By pointing her to this opinion?
I spoke to a fertility counselor
on level 17. Gloria Hildenbrandt.
And what did she say?
She admitted that she planted
the idea in Allison's mind
about us not being the kind of people
that they want to have children.
Who do you mean?
She doesn't know.
She's just angry because she and
her husband couldn't have children.
You will speak at
the police station.
We also brought in the man from
the market named George Wilkins.
He runs a computer repair stall.
Allison provided him with
support service on the holiday.
She went shopping yesterday.
I thought she went to see him.
But Wilkins said Allison
didn't come back.
A team from the Judicial branch searched
his stall. but they didn't find anything.
Why then?
Allison has strong feelings.
But not being able
to have a child...
I think it was more
than she could handle.
Holston. you don't have to
be present for the rest.
I am the Sheriff.
Don't you want to leave
this to someone else?
- I took an oath when I took the job.
- I know. but everyone...
What is the point of an oath if
you only keep it if it's easy?
Two days off. except
for essential staff.
Open the summit
rooms for visitors.
We expect this to attract a larger crowd
than usual. because it's been a long time.
We will hold a lottery to
choose the cafeteria attendees.
I'm really sorry.
Me too.
I haven't lost my mind.
You removed something from
your body with a knife.
Yeah. and it hurt a lot.
I took the capsule
to Dr. Leonard.
Really? And what did he say?
It was there to save the
spot or prevent infection.
Something like that. right?
It doesn't matter.
I have to tell you something.
But I want you to
sit next to me.
- I don't want anyone to hear.
- We are alone.
Please.
First. I love you.
- This is the most important thing.
- Really?
I know you're angry.
I would be angry too.
If I could go back to the past to forget
everything I've known. I would do it.
Without hesitation.
But I found out that everything
they told us isn't true.
The reason we are here and
what happened 140 years ago.
who is entitled to have children and why.
And that's not even
the biggest discovery...
So?
- So?
- If you discovered something like this.
you should tell me or Mayor
Jahns or the Judicial.
You should tell
everyone in the silo.
Not say the words that will
send you outside to die.
But this great discovery I
discovered. I won't die outside.
Listen. they have the ability to
change what we see on the screens.
In the cafeteria. across
the silo. and everywhere.
- What are you talking about?
- They take the image
and change it somehow.
So. what we see isn't
what's really outside.
This is what they want
us to think is outside.
- What's that? There?
- Holston.
And that.
These are the last 3
people who went to clean.
Or maybe this isn't the truth.
- What if it's just rocks and bushes?
- I know what I see.
Not if that's what the
computer wants you to see.
- Why would they do that?
- To keep us here.
Okay.
If the place is wonderful outside.
why don't they want us to go out?
I don't know.
- I don't know.
- Okay.
But I'll find out. I'm sorry.
- You keep saying that. I...
- Okay.
There's something else I
want you to think about
then you should get some sleep.
I'm not going anywhere.
Why do they send
people to clean?
To remove dust and
dirt from the sensors
- so we can see.
- No.
Why do people do it?
Most people swear
they won't do it.
When I arrested Brent. he said
you should shoot him in the head
and throw him down the stairs.
because he won't go to clean.
- And what did he do after that?
- He went out to clean.
I think people clean
because they hope somehow
that they will see the truth
and that this is just a lie.
When I go out. if I find it
as I see it. I won't clean.
I'll wave goodbye to you. because I will
have made the biggest mistake of my life.
But if I am right
and I find the place green.
fertile. and beautiful.
I'll take out my rag and I'll
start cleaning and you'll know it.
Then I'll cross the hill and
I'll find out what's happening.
And I'll come back for you.
Agreed?
"Cell 3"
"(Allison Becker).
You are accused and
convicted of breaking
our community's fundamental law.
Any verbal request to
leave the silo is approved.
but it cannot be retracted.
Once spoken. it becomes
a final decision.
You were asked to
go out to clean
and we gave you the
necessary tools to do so.
But we cannot
force you to clean.
Once you leave the airlock. you
are outside the silo's authority."
"We don't know why we are here.
We don't know who
built the silo.
We don't know why the situation
outside the silo is as it is.
We don't know...
when it will be safe to go out.
All we know is that that
day has not come yet.
(Allison Becker).
On behalf of the people of
the silo. I hope you clean
so we can see better the world
outside our safe haven as it is
and to remember
that here is safety
and outside is danger."
Do you have any final words?
I love you.
Yeah!
"Two years later"
There is something
you should see.
George Wilkins. who Allison
went to help at the market.
- We brought him in and...
- Yeah. I know who he is.
He got a transfer to the
mechanical department last year.
Okay.
"Citizen (George Wilkins)"
He is dead. He fell off
the railing near level 120.
Accident? Suicide?
I don't know.
- What does Hank say?
- He didn't say much.
No one saw him fall.
Tell me the part you're hiding.
There is an engineer
who says it's murder.
Where is the engineer?
She couldn't come.
It took us a day to walk here. She
could have cleared her schedule.
Something came up.
Okay.
Meeting us isn't optional. Hank.
She says this man was murdered.
We have to talk to her.
What came up?
The engine. It's
causing her problems.
What is her job?
Well. she ensures that everyone
in the silo stays alive.
That's it.
- What's her name?
- What?
What's her name?
Juliette. Juliette Nichols.
What happened between you two?
For two years. all
your feelings died.
Then you met Juliette Nichols.
- I only just started listening.
- To what?
To Allison and what
she tried to tell me.
I won't tell you
what she said to me.
All you need to know is
that I will find her.
Do you want to find her?
There she is.
I'm sorry.
As much as I love
you. you bastard.
I love Allison more.
Whether that's really
her outside or not.
I'm finished either way.
I must know the truth.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm